[Docs] Expand fault handling docs (#1675)
App-vNext/Polly: docs/strategies/index.md

> [!NOTE]
> The configuration options are automatically validated by Polly and come with sensible defaults. Therefore, you don't have to specify all the properties unless needed.

## Fault handling

Each reactive strategy provides access to the `ShouldHandle` predicate property. This property offers a mechanism to decide whether the resilience strategy should manage the fault or result returned after execution.

Setting up the predicate can be accomplished in the following ways:

- **Manually setting the predicate**: Directly configure the predicate. The advised approach involves using [switch expressions](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/operators/switch-expression) for maximum flexibility, and also allows the incorporation of asynchronous predicates.

> - **Employing `PredicateBuilder`**: The `PredicateBuilder` provides a more straightforward method to configure the predicates, akin to predicate setups in earlier Polly versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Employing `PredicateBuilder`**: The `PredicateBuilder` class provides a more straight-forward method to configure the predicates, akin to predicate setups in earlier Polly versions.
```

    {
        if (args.Outcome.Exception is not null)
        {
            return args.Outcome.Exception switch
            {
                HttpRequestException => true,
                TimeoutRejectedException => true,
                _ => false
            };
        }

        // Determine whether to retry asynchronously or not based on the result.
        return await ShouldRetryAsync(args.Outcome.Result!, args.Context.CancellationToken);
    }
};
```
<!-- endSnippet -->

### Predicate builder

<xref:Polly.PredicateBuilder>, or <xref:Polly.PredicateBuilder`1>, is a utility class aimed at simplifying the configuration of predicates:

<!-- snippet: should-handle-predicate-builder -->
```cs
// Use PredicateBuilder<HttpResponseMessage> to simplify the setup of the ShouldHandle predicate.
var options = new RetryStrategyOptions<HttpResponseMessage>
{
    ShouldHandle = new PredicateBuilder<HttpResponseMessage>()
        .HandleResult(response => !response.IsSuccessStatusCode) // Handle results
        .Handle<HttpRequestException>() // Or handle exception
        .Handle<TimeoutRejectedException>() // Chaining is supported
};
```
<!-- endSnippet -->

The preceding sample:

> - Uses `HandleResult` to register predicate that determines whether the result should be handled or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uses `HandleResult` to register a predicate that determines whether the result should be handled or not.
```
